well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about human ingenuity science art waste
and lasers something kind of interesting
is has happened I want to draw attention
to it and how significant it is you know
nuclear power it's one of those things
that if we could just harness it for
real could alter everything it could
alter everything and one of the big
problems with it is the waste it
generates and we've been dealing with
this waste by not dealing with it long
term storage facilities just basically
sticking it underground and sacrificing
that chunk of the earth for 10,000 years
when we decided to go that route put
panels together to try to figure out how
to convey a message of warning 10,000
years under the future think about it
10,000 years ago we were painting in
caves 10,000 years from now it could be
an extremely advanced society that would
know exactly what's under there or we
could be painting in caves again 10,000
years is a long time a lot can happen so
these panels had to come up with ways to
transmit the warning don't come here
don't go to this location and haven't
understood 10,000 years in the future
some of the ideas were art plain and
simple
art literal art one of the ideas I liked
the most was to make the landscape just
completely uninviting they wanted to
create a landscape of thorns concrete
thorns giant ones
to make it unwelcoming to scare people
something out of a horror movie they
also agreed on a message a rough idea of
what the message should be in they've
put this message in various languages
and stuff like that and this is the
message this place is a message and part
of a system of messages pay attention to
it sending this message was important to
us we considered ourselves to be a
powerful culture this place is not a
place of honor no highly esteemed deed
is commemorated here nothing valued is
here what is here is dangerous and
repulsive to us this message is a
warning about danger the danger is in a
particular location it increases toward
a center the center of danger is here of
a particular size and shape below us the
danger is still present in your time as
it was in ours the danger is to the body
and it can kill the form of danger is an
emanation of energy the danger is
unleashed
only if you substantially disturb this
place physically this place is best
shunned and left uninhabited that's the
message we're sending into the future
10,000 years from now that's what
they'll get unless a Nobel Prize winner
is right the physicist came up with this
idea
that you could use light lasers lasers
to take out a neutron thereby completely
altering what it is believes that ten to
fifteen years from now they'll have it
figured out doing this would reduce the
time nuclear waste is dangerous to like
thirty minutes instead of thousands of
years it's amazing it is amazing it's
one of those things we need to keep in
mind as we see all the doom and gloom in
the world and all the problems we face
understand human ingenuity is amazing
now we can come up with some pretty
brilliant stuff given the resources
problem is we tend to waste our
resources tend to use them for
destruction rather than creation
something like this an idea like this is
out there for every problem that faces
humanity we just got to put the funding
behind it we have to give these people
the resources they need to make it
happen
stop trying to capitalize on everything
there's no profit in this well in this
case there is some company can make a
ton of cash rendering nuclear waste
inert this wine has funding I think of
all the things in the world that could
change it this significantly that
there's no profit motivator for and
therefore there's no funding
sometimes we might should research just
a research anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night